now I'm going to show you how to
entertain but still be fairly lazy but
I've got a real winner of a recipe to
show you now it's called Spanish pork
stew with potatoes and chorizo and it's
one of those things that you can put
into a pot short-circuit all the rules
of cooking and just go out maybe on a
Sunday morning and do something else and
then the oven does the work in my
cooking pot I'm going to put some pork
we've got 450 grams of cubed shoulder of
pork and you'll notice that normally in
cookie you'd be browning the meat and
standing there doing a few pieces at a
time but with this one it just all goes
in the pot and it's no work at all so
there we are
tablespoon of olive oil then I'm going
to add the chorizo which is 110 grams
cut into little chunks here I got a
sliced really fat clove of garlic I've
got some sprigs of thyme
about 6 sprigs of thyme this is a large
red onion that has been sliced quite
thinly into rings and this was developed
out of trying to find a recipe that
could all be just put in a pot with no
skill and no time spent and if I'm
honest with you it's probably taken me
about 15 minutes to prepare all these
ingredients now I've got some whole
roasted peppers that you get in a jar
like this one here and I'm using about
3/4 of the jar I've halved them and
we're just beginning to get some
fantastic color in here and also the
aroma of the peppers is lovely I've got
that a tablespoon of green and a
tablespoon of black olives
we've got 450 grams of potatoes here
these are little salad potatoes that
they take to casserole in quite well
they don't mind long cooking they call
Daniel they're a bit nobly but they have
a lovely flavor
and the sauce I got is a jar of thick
concentrated tomato sauce and the reason
I'm using a thick concentrated one is
because I'm going to use some wine as
well and here I've got some dry white
wine I've got 150 mils and I'm just
going to put that into the jar and give
it a good shake to get the last of the
tomato out and that's going to have
cooked down to a beautiful sauce
and then I'm going to add another very
Spanish ingredient saffron I've got
about a quarter of a teaspoon here and
then that's going to be slackened down
with two tablespoons of wine vinegar and
then they're just going to give it a
little whisk and now the color is going
to be even more fantastic when that goes
in a bit of freshly milled pepper and
then some salt and then we're just going
to bring them up to the boil and as soon
as it reaches simmering point is going
to go into the oven 140 degrees and cook
for about 105 to two hours while you
enjoy your Sunday morning and do other
things